c:\users\ingcarela\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PAGINAINVENTARIO\PAGINAINVENTARIO\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
c:\users\ingcarela\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PAGINAINVENTARIO\PAGINAINVENTARIO\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
c:\users\ingcarela\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PAGINAINVENTARIO\PAGINAINVENTARIO\bin\roslyn\csc.exe.config
c:\users\ingcarela\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PAGINAINVENTARIO\PAGINAINVENTARIO\bin\roslyn\csc.rsp
c:\users\ingcarela\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PAGINAINVENTARIO\PAGINAINVENTARIO\bin\roslyn\csi.exe
c:\users\ingcarela\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PAGINAINVENTARIO\PAGINAINVENTARIO\bin\roslyn\csi.exe.config
c:\users\ingcarela\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PAGINAINVENTARIO\PAGINAINVENTARIO\bin\roslyn\csi.rsp
c:\users\ingcarela\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PAGINAINVENTARIO\PAGINAINVENTARIO\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\ingcarela\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PAGINAINVENTARIO\PAGINAINVENTARIO\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
c:\users\ingcarela\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PAGINAINVENTARIO\PAGINAINVENTARIO\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Scripting.dll
c:\users\ingcarela\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PAGINAINVENTARIO\PAGINAINVENTARIO\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\ingcarela\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PAGINAINVENTARIO\PAGINAINVENTARIO\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Scripting.dll
c:\users\ingcarela\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PAGINAINVENTARIO\PAGINAINVENTARIO\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
c:\users\ingcarela\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PAGINAINVENTARIO\PAGINAINVENTARIO\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
c:\users\ingcarela\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PAGINAINVENTARIO\PAGINAINVENTARIO\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.DiaSymReader.Native.amd64.dll
c:\users\ingcarela\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PAGINAINVENTARIO\PAGINAINVENTARIO\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.DiaSymReader.Native.x86.dll
c:\users\ingcarela\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PAGINAINVENTARIO\PAGINAINVENTARIO\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
c:\users\ingcarela\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PAGINAINVENTARIO\PAGINAINVENTARIO\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Win32.Primitives.dll
c:\users\ingcarela\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PAGINAINVENTARIO\PAGINAINVENTARIO\bin\roslyn\System.AppContext.dll
c:\users\ingcarela\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PAGINAINVENTARIO\PAGINAINVENTARIO\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
c:\users\ingcarela\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PAGINAINVENTARIO\PAGINAINVENTARIO\bin\roslyn\System.Console.dll
c:\users\ingcarela\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PAGINAINVENTARIO\PAGINAINVENTARIO\bin\roslyn\System.Diagnostics.FileVersionInfo.dll
c:\users\ingcarela\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PAGINAINVENTARIO\PAGINAINVENTARIO\bin\roslyn\System.Diagnostics.Process.dll
c:\users\ingcarela\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PAGINAINVENTARIO\PAGINAINVENTARIO\bin\roslyn\System.Diagnostics.StackTrace.dll
c:\users\ingcarela\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PAGINAINVENTARIO\PAGINAINVENTARIO\bin\roslyn\System.IO.Compression.dll
c:\users\ingcarela\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PAGINAINVENTARIO\PAGINAINVENTARIO\bin\roslyn\System.IO.FileSystem.dll
c:\users\ingcarela\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PAGINAINVENTARIO\PAGINAINVENTARIO\bin\roslyn\System.IO.FileSystem.DriveInfo.dll
c:\users\ingcarela\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PAGINAINVENTARIO\PAGINAINVENTARIO\bin\roslyn\System.IO.FileSystem.Primitives.dll
c:\users\ingcarela\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PAGINAINVENTARIO\PAGINAINVENTARIO\bin\roslyn\System.IO.Pipes.dll
c:\users\ingcarela\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PAGINAINVENTARIO\PAGINAINVENTARIO\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
c:\users\ingcarela\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PAGINAINVENTARIO\PAGINAINVENTARIO\bin\roslyn\System.Security.AccessControl.dll
c:\users\ingcarela\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PAGINAINVENTARIO\PAGINAINVENTARIO\bin\roslyn\System.Security.Claims.dll
c:\users\ingcarela\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PAGINAINVENTARIO\PAGINAINVENTARIO\bin\roslyn\System.Security.Cryptography.Algorithms.dll
c:\users\ingcarela\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PAGINAINVENTARIO\PAGINAINVENTARIO\bin\roslyn\System.Security.Cryptography.Encoding.dll
c:\users\ingcarela\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PAGINAINVENTARIO\PAGINAINVENTARIO\bin\roslyn\System.Security.Cryptography.Primitives.dll
c:\users\ingcarela\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PAGINAINVENTARIO\PAGINAINVENTARIO\bin\roslyn\System.Security.Cryptography.X509Certificates.dll
c:\users\ingcarela\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PAGINAINVENTARIO\PAGINAINVENTARIO\bin\roslyn\System.Security.Principal.Windows.dll
c:\users\ingcarela\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PAGINAINVENTARIO\PAGINAINVENTARIO\bin\roslyn\System.Text.Encoding.CodePages.dll
c:\users\ingcarela\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PAGINAINVENTARIO\PAGINAINVENTARIO\bin\roslyn\System.Threading.Thread.dll
c:\users\ingcarela\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PAGINAINVENTARIO\PAGINAINVENTARIO\bin\roslyn\System.ValueTuple.dll
c:\users\ingcarela\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PAGINAINVENTARIO\PAGINAINVENTARIO\bin\roslyn\System.Xml.ReaderWriter.dll
c:\users\ingcarela\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PAGINAINVENTARIO\PAGINAINVENTARIO\bin\roslyn\System.Xml.XmlDocument.dll
c:\users\ingcarela\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PAGINAINVENTARIO\PAGINAINVENTARIO\bin\roslyn\System.Xml.XPath.dll
c:\users\ingcarela\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PAGINAINVENTARIO\PAGINAINVENTARIO\bin\roslyn\System.Xml.XPath.XDocument.dll
c:\users\ingcarela\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PAGINAINVENTARIO\PAGINAINVENTARIO\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
c:\users\ingcarela\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PAGINAINVENTARIO\PAGINAINVENTARIO\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe.config
c:\users\ingcarela\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PAGINAINVENTARIO\PAGINAINVENTARIO\bin\roslyn\vbc.rsp
c:\users\ingcarela\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PAGINAINVENTARIO\PAGINAINVENTARIO\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
c:\users\ingcarela\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PAGINAINVENTARIO\PAGINAINVENTARIO\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
c:\users\ingcarela\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PAGINAINVENTARIO\PAGINAINVENTARIO\bin\PAGINAINVENTARIO.dll.config
c:\users\ingcarela\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PAGINAINVENTARIO\PAGINAINVENTARIO\bin\PAGINAINVENTARIO.dll
c:\users\ingcarela\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PAGINAINVENTARIO\PAGINAINVENTARIO\bin\PAGINAINVENTARIO.pdb
c:\users\ingcarela\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PAGINAINVENTARIO\PAGINAINVENTARIO\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\ingcarela\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PAGINAINVENTARIO\PAGINAINVENTARIO\bin\AspNet.ScriptManager.bootstrap.dll
c:\users\ingcarela\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PAGINAINVENTARIO\PAGINAINVENTARIO\bin\AspNet.ScriptManager.jQuery.dll
c:\users\ingcarela\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PAGINAINVENTARIO\PAGINAINVENTARIO\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\ingcarela\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PAGINAINVENTARIO\PAGINAINVENTARIO\bin\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
c:\users\ingcarela\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PAGINAINVENTARIO\PAGINAINVENTARIO\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
c:\users\ingcarela\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PAGINAINVENTARIO\PAGINAINVENTARIO\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
c:\users\ingcarela\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PAGINAINVENTARIO\PAGINAINVENTARIO\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
c:\users\ingcarela\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PAGINAINVENTARIO\PAGINAINVENTARIO\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.dll
c:\users\ingcarela\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PAGINAINVENTARIO\PAGINAINVENTARIO\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.dll
c:\users\ingcarela\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PAGINAINVENTARIO\PAGINAINVENTARIO\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
c:\users\ingcarela\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PAGINAINVENTARIO\PAGINAINVENTARIO\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.FriendlyUrls.dll
c:\users\ingcarela\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PAGINAINVENTARIO\PAGINAINVENTARIO\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Web.Optimization.WebForms.dll
c:\users\ingcarela\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PAGINAINVENTARIO\PAGINAINVENTARIO\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
c:\users\ingcarela\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PAGINAINVENTARIO\PAGINAINVENTARIO\bin\Microsoft.ScriptManager.MSAjax.dll
c:\users\ingcarela\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PAGINAINVENTARIO\PAGINAINVENTARIO\bin\Microsoft.ScriptManager.WebForms.dll
c:\users\ingcarela\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PAGINAINVENTARIO\PAGINAINVENTARIO\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\ingcarela\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PAGINAINVENTARIO\PAGINAINVENTARIO\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\ingcarela\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PAGINAINVENTARIO\PAGINAINVENTARIO\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\ingcarela\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PAGINAINVENTARIO\PAGINAINVENTARIO\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\ingcarela\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PAGINAINVENTARIO\PAGINAINVENTARIO\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\ingcarela\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PAGINAINVENTARIO\PAGINAINVENTARIO\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
c:\users\ingcarela\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PAGINAINVENTARIO\PAGINAINVENTARIO\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\users\ingcarela\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PAGINAINVENTARIO\PAGINAINVENTARIO\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
c:\users\ingcarela\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PAGINAINVENTARIO\PAGINAINVENTARIO\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.FriendlyUrls.xml
c:\users\ingcarela\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PAGINAINVENTARIO\PAGINAINVENTARIO\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\ingcarela\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PAGINAINVENTARIO\PAGINAINVENTARIO\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
c:\users\ingcarela\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PAGINAINVENTARIO\PAGINAINVENTARIO\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
c:\users\ingcarela\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PAGINAINVENTARIO\PAGINAINVENTARIO\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
c:\users\ingcarela\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PAGINAINVENTARIO\PAGINAINVENTARIO\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
c:\users\ingcarela\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PAGINAINVENTARIO\PAGINAINVENTARIO\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
c:\users\ingcarela\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PAGINAINVENTARIO\PAGINAINVENTARIO\bin\es\System.Web.Optimization.resources.dll
c:\users\ingcarela\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PAGINAINVENTARIO\PAGINAINVENTARIO\bin\es\Microsoft.AspNet.FriendlyUrls.resources.dll
c:\users\ingcarela\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PAGINAINVENTARIO\PAGINAINVENTARIO\obj\Debug\PAGINAINVENTARIO.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\ingcarela\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PAGINAINVENTARIO\PAGINAINVENTARIO\obj\Debug\PAGINAINVENTARIO.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
c:\users\ingcarela\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PAGINAINVENTARIO\PAGINAINVENTARIO\obj\Debug\PAGINAINVENTARIO.dll
c:\users\ingcarela\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PAGINAINVENTARIO\PAGINAINVENTARIO\obj\Debug\PAGINAINVENTARIO.pdb
